we started our business back in two
thousand six we start as more
synchronized
let's put it this way there's always
misplaced objects right and we we just
are we just help getting them to the
records we study when where and how we
silent we avoid confrontation and we
only take what we're supposed to take
we work with patents contracts last
wheels design sealant chemicals in all
kinds of stuff for you you know there
might be useless but for certain
individuals they are crisis
do I need to talk nice and easy but uh
you know when's your why
hinz do go fucking old
after all these years our skills are
cool
our targets have become bigger
even more danger
but also much much much much more
profitable